GCR & ACR guide (#717)
earthly/earthly: docs/guides/pushing-images-to-ACR.md

ACR does not issue permanent credentials. Instead, it relies on your Azure AD credentials to issue Docker credentials. As an individual user, you will need to log in to your repository first:

```
❯ az acr login --name helloearthly
Login Succeeded
```

After logging in, the [ACR Credential Helper](https://github.com/Azure/acr-docker-credential-helper) will help keep your credentials up to date, as long as it is invoked again before your already issued credentials expire.  When all this is complete, your `.docker/config.json` might look like this:
```
{
	"auths": {
		"helloearthly.azurecr.io": {
			"auth": "...",
			"identitytoken": "..."
		}
	},
	"credsStore": "acr-linux"
}
```

ACR boasts many other methods of logging in, including [Service Principals](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-auth-service-principal) and [admin accounts](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-authentication#admin-account). Note that the admin account method is not recommended for production usage. Please follow the releavant guides to authenticate if you wish to use one of these other methods.

## RBAC

> Ensure that you have correct permissions to push and pull the images. Please reference the [ACR RBAC documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-roles) to ensure you have the correct permissions set. To complete all the activities in this guide, you wull need to have at least the permissions detailed in the built-in `Contributor` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you have correct permissions to push and pull the images. Please reference the [ACR RBAC documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-roles) to ensure you have the correct permissions set. To complete all the activities in this guide, you will need to have at least the permissions detailed in the built-in `Contributor` role.
```

## Run the Target

> Once we are logged in, and have the optional credential helper installed, there are no no special things left to do. To build and push an image, simply execute the build target. Don't forget the `--push` flag!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are logged in, and have the optional credential helper installed, there you are ready to use Earthly to access images in ACR. To build and push an image, simply execute the build target. Don't forget the `--push` flag!
```
